[docs] Quantization tip (#10249)
huggingface/diffusers: docs/source/en/api/pipelines/cogvideox.md

  - With enabling cpu offloading and tiling, memory usage is `11 GB`
- `pipe.vae.enable_slicing()`

## Quantization

Quantization helps reduce the memory requirements of very large models by storing model weights in a lower precision data type. However, quantization may have varying impact on video quality depending on the video model.

> Refer to the [Quantization](../../quantization/overview) to learn more about supported quantization backends (bitsandbytes, torchao, gguf) and selecting a quantization backend that supports your use case. The example below demonstrates how to load a quantized [`CogVideoXPipeline`] for inference with bitsandbytes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the [quantization overview page](../../quantization/overview) to learn more about supported quantization backends and selecting a quantization backend that supports your use case. The example below demonstrates how to load a quantized [`CogVideoXPipeline`] for inference with bitsandbytes.
```

I removed the name of the quantization backends in my suggestion because that becomes obsolete once a new quantization backend is added.
